Well, the question comes on how to use it.
First, you git clone the entire repo.
Next, you cd to the directory of the repo.
Next, you type node server.js.
Then, you click on the UI option (w/ port 2047).
Finally, you could use the app.

By the way, if you want to make this accessible in your local network, the whole point of this I guess, (e.g. the one given to your devices by your router starting with 192.168.0.0/16, 172.16.0.0/12, 10.0.0.0/8 etc.), you would need to allow traffic (inbound) through the ports 2047 and 8191 (I have no apparent reason for choosing these; I guess it is because they are either a Mersenne Composite or Mersenne Prime number).
    For Linux (Debian), this is rather easy; you just need to sudo ufw allow 2047 and sudo ufw allow 8191.
    For Windows, you would need to go to firewall settings and allow inbound traffic from these two ports with TCP in the local network.
To access the ui, you simply type http://(machine you are running the ws server on):2047 on a machine under the same router.

Favicon generated by favicon.io

Purpose/Description:
This project aims to bring a public, fully anonymous, lightweight, and effective chatroom for people under the same router (i.e. under the same network) to chat in and exchange their thoughts. This project accomplishes this via JavaScript (including Node.js modules) and HTML (with CSS for simplistic styling) and is therefore extremely lightweight to deploy and rather clear and concise to use due to its simplicity. This project would therefore mostly relate to prompt 2, as this program allows people to connect with each other and exchange their thoughts. For instance, people on the same network could quickly inform each other of a small task such as bringing a cup of coffee for them rather than (frankly) wasting internet bandwidth and electricity for the message to go potentially cross-seas to a social media server and then back, which is slow, wastes bandwidth, and require an internet connection (ISP service). This, in the coffee example, might allow the two people to develop a friendship and probably bring an overall more cooperative environment to work or study in due to messages being reliably delivered, which is definitely beneficial to society. Therefore, the program does have a practical use case and could offer quantifiable benefits. Additionally, this program could have a lot of further potential, as it could be easily modified for use with a public IP (if the user has one) and be a potential alternative to traditional social media (the structure is not technically Peer-to-Peer due to it requiring a user to host a server, but it behaves in a similar way with anonymity and security).